Our evualation of the number of publications relating to mangroves, fisheries, and biomass or biodiversity the over time shows that this area is growing in importance. As the world's population grows and anthropogenic effects on our environment creates greater challenges for food security worldwide, our need to understand nutrition sources for coastal communities is also becoming more relevant. Further, reasons for mangrove loss have been shown to be mostly economic (CHODHURY CITATION). However, research has shown that these monetary gains from converting mangroves to aquaculture ponds or using mangrove trees for timber and charcoal only has temporary economic benefits, and the lasting financial benefits of maintaining mangrove habitats over the long term outweighs these temproary gains (Chodhury, Anneboina & Kumar 2017, hutchison and spaulding citation). Our analysis of trending topics in this field show that human influence on our environment is driving our need for understanding these systems, especially under the growing threats of climate change. Climate change presents greater challenges to food security worldwide (Gregory 2005, Connolly-Boutin 2013, Kumar misra 2014), as well as mangrove environments, as rising sea levels and extreme weather events have been found to contribute to mangrove loss worldwide (Ellison 2014, Ward 2016, Alongi 2015). 

A major finding of this bibliometric analysis was the disparity between the sources of this research and where mangrove-dependent fishery research is most relevant. Most of the collaborations in the subject area of mangrove-dependent fisheries happens between authors from the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia, which are also the most cited countries (ADD FIGS). However, this analysis only considers the authors' countries of origin, not where the research is focused. This might indicate an over-representation in research conducted in the United States and Australia, or that authors from these countries are researching mangrove-dependent fisheries in outside countries, but may not be incorporating local researchers in thes projects. The countries calculated to have the highest amount of their fisheries reliant on mangrove systems are Indonesia, India, Bangladesh, Myanmar, and Brazil (ERMGASSEN CITATION). None of these countries are primarily english speaking, which can present an issue with accessability to the outcomes of this research. Not only does science accessability matter because of a language barrier between the research and local communities, but this may also limit the local knowledge that can be incorporated into the research. Local knowledge is essential to restoration projects, especially in mangroves, as the incorporation of local knowledge and experiences has been shown to increase compliance, foster relations between communities and research, and give more accurate pictures of the status of restoration in coastal areas [@SharingLessonsMangrove2012; @nguyenCommunityPerspectivesInternationally2016; @nguyenExistingStrategiesManaging2017]. This is especially relevant in African countries, as this continent is home to 19.3% of the worlds mangroves (JIA CITAION), but have lost about 55,000 hectars of mangroves from 1996 to 2016 [@spauldingStateWorldMangroves2021]. However, there have been no authors who originate from any country in Africa (CITE FIGURE 4 AND SEE NOTES). This trend could be changing, however, as FIGURE 6 shows that although Australia and the United States are the leaders in research production, Brazil, China, and Indoneisa have seen greater increases in the number of papers published since 2018. However, a limitation of this research is that this analysis only includes the author's country of origin, not where the research is taking place. FIGURE WORDS shows that keywords Indian Ocean has been the longest trending topic along with Australia and recently, Brazil has been the focus of a lot of research, starting in 2017. This could indicate a possibly discrepency between where research is occurring and the country of origin of the authors.

In this paper, we have identified the sources of research on mangroves and fisheries with a focus on biomass and biodiversity. We have found that as climate change and other anthropogenic factors grow more severe, this has increased the amount of research in this area. Further, we found a discrepency between the authors and language used in these reports and where this research would be the most relevant. A limitation of this research is that we did not focus on where the research was being conducted, only the country of origin of the author. A further study into where this research is taking place could shed further light into which locations could benefit the most from increased focus on conservation.